okay did you are you sorry damn it okay
so we're gonna start and i'm sarah and i
remember and we're going to teach you
how to be two years okay so what we're
going to do first is we're going to do
just step one which is very simple and
it's just done and now we're going to go
one two ready okay one two ready okay
one two three four three and four is
can't combine okay um then we're going
to do on what we'll do that again ready
okay one two three four damn all right
knowledge is 5 1 2 3 4 5 30 ok 1 2 3 4 5
6 and then we'll go to seven ready okay
one two three four five six seven and we
do it you're going to want your arm all
the way out and then this just kind of
back in blue bling ok then down we'll go
to eight ready okay one two three four
five six seven Annie ok seven is kind of
combined um she's only know she's doing
so I'm 20g here too ok and now with
three and four you're going to do a
straddle you don't have to go from
really straight or you can also do a toe
touch if that's better you kind of want
to start on the Twitter all right so I'm
just going to have people over there a
little
okay so we'll do just a strat okay or
until the whole thing on with this room
okay ready you okay 1 2 3 4 6
I we messed up solo again right okay one
two three four five six seven eight ok
ok and now um 46 when you go like this
you're just going to add your leg and
also you're going to want to lift this
not completely clockwise and add a
little bit now we're not gonna do this
rental we're just going to do that heart
window cheer okay ready okay one two
three four five six seven and eight all
right like you put my hands on me ok now
we're going to do it with this rental in
a little Josh okay ready okay one two
three four five six seven and eight and
after you do this thing you're probably
kind of like end up like this so I kind
of might want to just put your for that
camera will do it again ready okay come
on two three four I that's no
moisture okay well here to do more time
ready okay one two three four five six
seven is ok now we're in your nice and
meet okay ready okay one two three four
five six seven eight and one two three
four five six seven eight ok ok be felt
with sin and make sure you watch our
next to you